---
layout: post
title:  "test"
date:   2021-10-06 22:48:38 +0530
categories: atmospheric
feature_image: "https://historyofinformation.com/images/0075a%20Large.jpg"
---
You’ll find this post in your `_posts` directory. Go ahead and edit it and re-build the site to see your changes. You can rebuild the site in many different ways, but the most common way is to run `jekyll serve`, which launches a web server and auto-regenerates your site when a file is updated.

Jekyll requires blog post files to be named according to the following format:

`YEAR-MONTH-DAY-title.MARKUP`

Where `YEAR` is a four-digit number, `MONTH` and `DAY` are both two-digit numbers, and `MARKUP` is the file extension representing the format used in the file. After that, include the necessary front matter. Take a look at the source for this post to get an idea about how it works.

Jekyll also offers powerful support for code snippets:

If I wanted to write my own code, since I am a coder, I just have to 

{% highlight python %}
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt

x = [1,2,3]
y = [4,5,6]

plt.plot(x,y,color='r')
{% endhighlight %}

{% highlight python %}
def test():
  a = 1.0
  b = 2.0
  c = a+b
  return c
{% endhighlight %}

You can insert some formula $$f(x) = \int_{-\infty}^\infty \hat f(\xi)\,e^{2 \pi i \xi x} \,d\xi$$ in the middle of a sentence.

Check out the [Jekyll docs][jekyll-docs] for more info on how to get the most out of Jekyll. File all bugs/feature requests at [Jekyll’s GitHub repo][jekyll-gh]. If you have questions, you can ask them on [Jekyll Talk][jekyll-talk].

[jekyll-docs]: https://jekyllrb.com/docs/home
[jekyll-gh]:   https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll
[jekyll-talk]: https://talk.jekyllrb.com/
